(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
Let's bet the most precious thing in life.
Something you can't change even if you die.
Something you can't throw out even if you die.
Something you can't erase...
even if you die.
What's that?
This time, let's bet our family.
It's okay. It'll be all right.
Kim Bum Joon!
No!
Who are you?
Kim Min Joon.
Next time, call me your brother, okay?
My brother.
Get away.
(Mortuary)
Open this!
Kim Bum Joon's brother. Come out.
Come out!
Nice to meet you.
I'm the younger brother of Kim Bum Joon,
who was an assistant pilot of Juhan Air Flight 801,
Kim Min Joon.
Are you that kid?
November 22, 2015, Incheon Airport.
You were at the airport on the day of I departed.
And on February 20, 2016, at Schmitten,
you met Hans Gebauer and Mi Ja Gebauer,
my foster parents, right?
You spent so much money to fly over there,
but you couldn't even get a picture of me.
Why?
Because you didn't know the Gebauers...
already abandoned me 12 years ago.
Are you here to die?
You can try to kill me.
What?
What's wrong with this?
What's going on?
You idiot.
Did you think I'd be threatened by this?
Then what about those?
Should we all...
fall into a bottomless pit?
That was a great decision.
Right?
You shouldn't dishonor Professor Byeon's name...
or get Nurse Oh Seo Ra fired from the hospital,
don't you think so?
Oh, Detective Jo would face the biggest problem.
If he gets fired, who's going to pay for...
his sick daughter's hospital bills?
Why are you here?
I wanted you to bring me...
what I want.
Do you think we'll do that?
Did you think...
you would let go of me up until 30 seconds ago?
(Park Moo Shin)
Kang Woo, are you insane?
Why would you send me a cake?
Why would I send him a cake?
That's not the only one I sent.
One to the manager of Taeyang Insurance.
One to an inspector at Daemyeong Police Station.
One to the human resources of Hanju Hospital.
A total of three.
(Episode 3)
(Public Official ID Card)
Can you roll up my sleeves?
What about your sun allergy?
Are you sure?
Oh, you. You can't do that today. Go.
I don't care if you dance naked here. Go.
Why would I dance naked? Do you think I'm insane?
Hey, Player Jang, aren't you here to see me?
Not even in your dreams.
(Criminal Squad 1, 2, 3, Serious Crime Squad 3)
Hey, you. How did you get in here?
The front calls us for any packages.
We used to just come in to deliver.
I told you not to do that.
Is that for the inspector?
Yes.
- Thank you. - Goodbye.
(Greetings, there is a gift in the cake.)
In the cake?
All of you.
You.
What will you do about my brother?
Soon Jung, I think I'm going to die.
Is it because of our dermatologist?
If not, why would I be here?
First, you must go to the administration...
Why would I do that?
Bring the dermatologist and the administration...
to this place!
Oh, my blood pressure.
- Oh, gosh, my back. - Are you okay?
Oh, gosh, my blood pressure.
My gosh, he's an old man. Soon Jung!
- Gosh, I'm dying. - Soon Jung.
- Call someone. - Hurry.
- Hurry. - It's an emergency.
My gosh, he's an old man.
I'm going to die. Give me the medicine.
Right.
(Taeyang Insurance)
- Thank you. - Goodbye.
Mr. Choi, I'm seeing you quite often.
Yes, is it your birthday?
It's for Manager Park.
Oh, really?
I'll take it and bring it to him.
- Would you do that? - What are you doing?
Why are you coming all the way to my office?
You should be at the chairman's room.
Why would I go there?
I know that you were there recently.
It's me, Manager Park of Claims Examination Team.
You're so brazen.
Why are you lurking around our office?
You, Jang Ha Ri, and the other guys.
People who break the law like you...
can never return to the insurance industry.
I'll make sure I find a definite proof...
to get you all locked up in jail.
Moo Shin.
What if I turn myself in?
What are you trying to pull?
Hey!
What are you doing?
I just wanted to have a taste.
Thanks for the cake.
He's completely insane.
How was it?
That's from a famous bakery in Gangnam.
It was sweet.
I'm sure the original is somewhere else.
If you want the original,
just do as I ask, Mr. Choi.
That's what dogs do.
They smell something and follow the smell.
Their owner is the one who does the hunting.
I get why I have to do this,
but why are you doing this?
I wonder that too.
Why am I doing this?
Tick-tock, tick-tock. Time is ticking.
Kim Min Joon, that punk...
These wiretaps...
Should I make him disappear?
You're just an ex-convict. You can't murder people.
Do you want to get beat up by an ex-con...
and die?
I'll probably get locked up in jail...
before you beat me up.
Why?
Why did Kim Min Joon show up now?
What do Young Mi and Se Yoon have in common?
I basically made them popular.
In case of Young Mi, she became popular...
after she started going to my hair salon.
Se Yoon gained popularity when he did a skit...
Auntie, I'm going to take one.
Okay.
What about the others?
They already ate.
This is your first meal of the day, right?
Yes. I'm hungry...
like a beggar.
Because you're a human.
I think you forget sometimes...
that you're a living, breathing human being.
I know that.
What should we do?
We'll continue as usual.
(Episode 3, 1 versus 4)
That jerk has a nice car.
Church?
(Gwang Church)
Now the grace of our Father...
and the great love and peace of Almighty...
will be with every one of you...
who are present in this church...
now and forever and ever.
- Amen. - Amen.
Crazy punk.
We're experiencing a change of seasons.
Please be careful not to catch a cold.
- Okay. - Okay.
We have a new member in our church today.
Yes. What's your name?
It's Jang...
Jang Soon Jung.
Yes, she's our Father's little lamb.
Everyone, let's welcome Jang Soon Jung.
Mad Dog Jang Ha Ri.
You're nothing.
What are you looking at?
I'm looking at Choi Kang Woo.
Mr. Choi.
Go ahead and follow me.
But you know you're only allowed to sniff.
That pervert is up too close.
How long will it take?
Pardon?
Hey.
Why is it taking so long?
What does this guy do?
This lock is ancient. It's from the 80s.
Remember what you told me in jail?
"There isn't a door I can't unlock."
"I'm a global talent."
Be quiet.
I got it.
Did you unlock it?
Yes, I did.
Soon Jung, check the computer.
Yes, sir.
There's nothing in there.
Okay.
Let's take a look.
(Recycle Bin)
It's empty.
Let's stop for a minute.
Goodness.
Sorry. I'm not good at controlling my feelings.
Are you hurt?
Shall I call the insurance?
Just go, Jang Ha Ri.
Wait. Stop.
You might report me as hit-and-run later.
Okay. Say we have a mutual agreement...
and that you won't hold me responsible.
Please record that before you leave, Mr. Kim.
You'll get hurt.
Min Joon. Kim Min Joon!
Mr. Kim Min Joon!
You can't leave like this! Kim Min Joon!
I told you there's nothing.
How much did you cover?
Three minutes? I'll start the count down.
2 minutes and 30 seconds left.
- My gosh. - Unbelievable.
("Suicidal Assistant Pilot Under Depression")
("Flight JH801 Crash Is Assistant Pilot's Fault")
("Co-Pilot Applied for 3.4-million Insurance")
Two minutes left.
Kang Woo, come out.
("Insurance Planner Commits Suicide")
Mr. Choi. Get out of there!
You're here.
Why are you so surprised?
What are you doing here?
What do you think I'm doing?
You dug in...
too much.
How far have I reached?
Have I reached to the bottom already?
I guess you're overestimating yourself.
You don't know anything.
I don't know anything?
Who is she?
Kang Eun Joo.
So who is she?
It's your job to find out.
Okay.
I'll find out.
We'll dig in,
chase,
and hunt down.
It's the owner's job to hunt,
right?
Her name is Kang Eun Joo, and she's 34 years old.
She's 36 weeks pregnant.
Most couples visit the hospital together,
but she's always alone.
Last July,
her husband, Lee Soo Oh, died in an accident.
Let us pray.
Let us pray for Lee Soo Oh,
Eun Joo's husband, who passed away...
due to an unfortunate accident.
Dear Almighty.
Who are we...
for you to love us so dearly?
Our Father also said this once.
"I am the resurrection and the life."
It's said he killed himself.
Who is he?
He's the husband of the woman sitting over there.
And she's pregnant.
So he didn't die of an accident?
A lot of people think he committed suicide.
He killed himself leaving his pregnant wife behind?
They say he burned himself to death.
Does it mean...
he set himself on fire?
Why did he approach the woman...
whose husband died?
But it's not certain...
whether it was a suicide or an accident.
("The Mistake of the Assistant Pilot")
("Co-Pilot Applied for 3.4-million Insurance")
This punk.
I'll go get Lee Soo Oh's insurance documents.
What do you mean?
I'll see you later.
Mr. Choi.
(Insurance Terms)
Don't force yourself when you're already busy.
It's my only daughter's birthday,
so I should at least have a meal with her.
Are you meeting someone?
I just need to say hello to them.
I'll go then. Take your time.
Eat your food.
It's not time to cause trouble yet.
I should've gone to Busan and greeted you.
I'm sorry that you had to come all the way up here.
It's all right.
I had business to take care of in Seoul anyway.
I heard some bad rumors...
regarding a new general.
He might jump at least five steps up.
Have you heard?
They want to appoint a new general...
before their side appoint a new one.
They're working hard for nothing anyway.
This country wasn't built overnight, you see.
It must be so exciting to watch.
Those nobodies are running wild.
You must be aware of this.
It's said people from their party...
will be appointed as a chief of anti-corruption,
a chief of public peace,
a director of public prosecutions,
and a chief of Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
Is that right?
Of course,
I'm working my very best...
to help you come back to Seoul.
Let me pour you a drink.
Introduce me...
to a nice sashimi restaurant in Busan.
I should visit at least once while you are there.
How is the chairman's health?
Well...
He's gotten much better.
Has it been two years?
It was right after the Juhan airplane accident.
So you're about right.
I'm sorry.
He became like that after hearing the news.
I was thoughtless.
No, it's okay.
Actually, he has gotten so much better...
that he might be able to wake up soon.
That's good to hear.
Excuse me.
Chairman Cha, it's nice to see you here.
I came here to have a meal with my daughter.
I decided to come in since it wouldn't be polite...
not to say hello, knowing you're here.
Congratulations on your appointment, Chief On.
(On Joo Sik has been appointed as the Chief.)
Congratulations, Chief On.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Congratulations on your appointment,
Chief On.
Let's...
end this dinner here.
We still have many dishes on our table.
Will you provide me...
a ticket to Busan tomorrow?
It's my honor, sir.
I won't forget about what you did for me this time.
I didn't do anything.
Don't mention it, sir.
Will Chairman Joo Jung Pil wake up soon?
I don't know.
I haven't heard anything about it.
He sees no further than his nose.
Chairman Joo must be worried so much...
even after he dies.
I'll start driving.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Gosh, he just ruined my party.
Chairman Cha's impressive.
I wouldn't have stayed still...
if he hadn't been your dad.
I don't know...
how a mere chairman of an insurance company...
lured the chief with.
The daughter of a mere chairman...
will go now.
Where do you think you're going?
I'll give you a ride. Let's go together.
Let me go.
Entertain me, Hong Joo.
You know I'll lose my dad soon.
I'm going to be very depressed.
What's wrong with you?
Don't you feel sorry to your dad?
For what?
I mean, I'm keeping him alive...
when he was supposed to die a long time ago.
He should be the one to thank me.
What's there to feel sorry?
(Kang Woo)
What? Who's this?
Hello?
Where are you going? I'm not done talking.
Both the father and daughter are an eyesore.
Who's the guy by the way?
What's gotten into you...
that you called me first?
I have a favor to ask of you.
What is it?
Please check...
if Kang Eun Joo took out an insurance...
for Lee Soo Oh.
I guess it's something important.
Okay.
It better be very important.
I'm leaking...
our internal information now.
It's important.
"Insured, Lee Soo Oh".
"Beneficiary, Kang Eun Joo".
He signed up on July 16, 2015.
So there is.
- What? - Send me the file,
please.
Kang Woo.
(Insured: Lee Soo Oh, Beneficiary: Kang Eun Joo)
The insured, Lee Soo Oh.
The beneficiary, Kang Eun Joo.
He signed up on July 16, 2015...
for a life insurance that gives...
100,000 dollars for normal deaths,
and 400,000 dollars for accidental deaths.
Then he died on July 23, 2017.
Even if you kill yourself, you can still...
receive the compensation after two years, right?
You're right.
July 23 is...
just a week after it marked the two years.
There's a high possibility he committed suicide...
for the insurance money...
like someone I know.
Tell us about the incident.
July 23, 2017.
11:30am.
The deceased, Lee, met his friend, Han Seong Jin.
They had a drink for about an hour.
Lee got completely drunk,
and Han left that place.
About an hour later...
Excuse me, sir.
It looked like he was completely drained.
He had such a grim look on his face.
He found himself a seat in a dark corner,
and I think he just had a glass of soju,
then he was knocked out.
Didn't you see the accident?
It was a really hot day.
We had the air conditioner on and windows closed,
then I heard a loud noise...
I have a heart condition,
and it's been unstable ever since that day.
I can't even sleep at night.
Have you seen a doctor?
I was busy making a living.
But you should still get a check-up.
You're handsome and sweet.
Make sure you visit a doctor on your day off.
I don't believe that con artist.
He put on quite a show.
Is that his know-how?
What know-how?
Something you could never know, Cheetah.
Stop calling me Cheetah. Show some respect.
Let's get the security footage...
and interview the eyewitnesses.
Then let's ask Detective Jo to get...
Yes, why don't we ask Detective Jo for help?
I've been wanting to meet him.
We'll take care of it. Mind your own business.
Anyway, where is our dear Mr. Choi?
He went to meet a teacher.
A teacher? Who?
That's none of your business.
Is that so?
(Biochemistry)
(Analytical Chemistry, Physical Chemistry)
I'm sorry for the trouble.
I have to move around to have an easy childbirth.
(Mad Dog, Choi Kang Woo)
If you aren't affiliated with an insurance company,
how did you know...
Do you know who Kim Min Joon is?
He referred me to you.
I heard you two are well-acquainted.
Oh, Min Joon?
He's a kid I know from church.
I heard you two have known each other for long.
It's only been a few months.
Is that what he said?
I guess I heard him wrong.
Isn't Min Joon such a nice kid?
He's very faithful too. He's a good person.
You seem like a nice person too.
I'm not sure.
Mr. Choi, will you please help me?
Soo Oh didn't kill himself.
But the police and Taeyang Insurance...
all say he killed himself.
But he wouldn't do that.
He's been waiting dearly to see our baby.
He wouldn't do that, leaving us behind.
Please reveal the truth.
Please help me, Mr. Choi.
Be ready before you watch the footage.
Thanks.
The case may get closed with a suicide.
Did the detective in charge say that?
The deceased was by himself when he died,
and the day he died marked two years and a week...
after he signed up for that life insurance.
That way, he could...
leave the compensation even if he kills himself.
Can you...
run a background check?
Was someone at the crime scene?
Thank you.
Kang Eun Joo.
Isn't this the deceased's wife?
Is she the killer?
I need her family's address,
and any other residence she stayed in until today.
You must be determined to get me fired.
Things got very harsh for breaking...
the Public Service Ethics Act.
You just have to run her social security number...
Okay, fine. Don't do it. My gosh.
So is she the killer?
I have no idea.
Why can't I see anything clearly?
It's all so murky.
My gosh, this won't help clear things up.
Hey, this is really the last time, okay?
Thanks.
(Mad Dog, Jang Ha Ri)
It's my fault.
Only if I had taken him home.
Then why did you leave first?
My lunchtime was over.
I had a lot of work,
so I barely made time to have lunch with him.
I thought he would wake up after a bit.
I should've taken him home.
Professor.
Oh, did I spray you?
Sorry.
What's the seat made of?
Artificial leather.
Artificial leather is made of plastic,
so it burns very quickly.
So you can't get an ignition point.
At the time of the fire,
no one else was around except for the victim.
How did the fire get started?
Remotely?
Goodness, Hollywood has ruined a generation.
Did you find anything...
that could've been used to put it on fire remotely?
That's not it.
Do you think he killed himself?
Hey, former medical examiner.
Have you seen anyone set himself on fire like this?
No.
What about you, Fire Truck?
Me either.
People determined to set fire on themselves...
tend to use catalysts like gasoline.
It takes a long time...
for a body to burn.
And it's unbelievably painful.
If he set himself on fire,
that means he was still conscious.
He couldn't have stood it.
He was still conscious...
Stop.
This was what caused the explosion.
Isn't it?
Do you think this lighter is the catalyst?
It's not like that's a gas tank.
You can't tell when it'll explode.
If the lighter exploded, there would've been...
loud sound, bright light, and it must've been hot.
Why didn't he get out of the car?
Noo Ri.
Rewind.
Play.
Again.
A flash.
A seizure.
- Professor Byeon. - What?
Is there an illness...
that gives you a seizure...
whenever you see a bright flash?
Oh, there is one.
Lafora disease.
It's a disease caused by gene mutation.
It weakens a person against bright light.
[VIU Ver] E03 Mad Dog "Playing Cat & Mouse"
-= Ruo Xi =-
If you wear specialized goggles,
you could stay in a room even if it's bright.
But you would have to live in darkness.
It gets developed during one's teenage years,
so I doubt he could've signed up for insurance.
Did Mr. Lee Soo Oh...
suffer from Lafora disease?
Mr. Choi.
Don't be scared.
You'll get the money. They'll pay you.
Even if he signed up hiding his disease,
even if it was insurance fraud,
the law says...
if he did not die due to that disease,
you will receive the insurance money.
100,000 for suicide, 400,000 for accidents.
Mr. Lee knew that, didn't he?
No, Mr. Choi.
He's not someone who would kill himself for money.
There are many people...
who kill themselves for money.
And your husband is one of them.
No!
You met Han Seong Jin, didn't you?
It's him.
He killed my husband.
Research results for new Lafora drugs.
That man was after...
what Soo Oh devoted his life to.
Yes, that's him.
It's him!
Kim Min Joon.
What's your relationship with him?
I know him from church.
Kim Min Joon.
What's your relationship with him?
- Church... - Kim Min...
Kim Min Joon.
What's your relationship with him?
He said he'd help.
He said he'd listen to my story.
You knew I'd come, didn't you?
He just told me to let...
Choi Kang Woo in if he came.
He said you'd take care of everything then.
That's all.
Please help me.
Soo Oh didn't do it.
I don't work with scammers.
If you have conscience,
don't file for insurance claims.
Buy baby formula with this money.
I don't plan on...
receiving insurance money.
Until I clear Soo Oh's name,
I won't take the insurance money.
My baby and I...
are not beggars.
Take this back.
("Flight JH801, 67 Dead! 123 Injured!")
My brother!
("Taeyang Insurance Promises Prompt Payout")
("Insurance Planner Commits Suicide!")
You have no conscience.
I wonder who made you angry.
How can you use a person like her?
A person like her? Who?
The insurance scammer?
Why did you drag us into this?
If you want to know, solve the problem.
Hey, Kim Min Joon.
You do it.
Why?
Because it's an insurance scam?
You should still uncover the truth.
Don't you feel sorry for her?
If you pity her, do it yourself.
You have a really bad memory.
Did you forget what I have?
Do it.
- Do it? - Do it.
What will you do?
If you want to know, do it.
She looks completely innocent.
But she hid the medical history...
and applied for insurance.
You can't tell someone by their appearance.
So you should look at a person's inside.
Like me.
You're an ex-convict...
that looks like an ex-convict.
You punk.
Ms. Jang.
Aren't we going to take this case?
Probably not because it's a scam case.
What about the USB containing all the clips?
Whatever. Let them find out.
They won't kill us.
- Player Jang. - Player Jang.
Go and get another bottle of soju.
Go get it.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
It was...
fall of 2008.
Soon Jung's love story.
Here it goes again.
It's a different version.
Kang Woo is in the story.
Don't do it.
It was fall of 2008.
You applied for five auto insurance.
You hit an old man in Bongcheon-dong...
on April 10, 2008.
2 motorcycle riders on June 30.
And a blade accident on August 27...
on Yangpyeong Highway. You took 320,000 in total.
That's not true.
(Violent Crimes Unit)
Na Jong Gu did all that.
Set Byul is innocent.
No, he wasn't there.
I wasn't there, but I know everything.
I mean, Jong Gu.
My Jong Gu wasn't at the scene.
My Jong Gu?
Excuse me, Please step aside.
Hey, Ms. Oh Mi Ja.
Oh Mi Ja?
On August 27,
you were...
caught speeding.
You were driving the car.
Who was this guy...
in the passenger seat?
A man died!
It's a murder.
Do you want to serve 10 years?
Well...
Set Byul.
It's this man.
This man is a gangster.
He's an ex-convict.
I was too scared of him.
So I just did what he told me to.
Set Byul.
Why are you doing this to me?
Hey, what's your name?
Set Byul.
Look at me.
Why are you doing this to me?
I quit being a gangster,
so I could live with you happily.
"Live with you"?
I'd rather die than live with you.
Detective.
Please get him away from me.
Set Byul.
What's your name?
Park Soon Jung.
I was released on November 21, 2007.
I have a criminal record for violence.
It was me.
Set Byul, no...
Oh Mi Ja didn't do anything wrong.
I did everything.
Park Soon Jung. Come out.
A false confession is obstructing investigation.
Get out before I change my mind.
Gosh.
Why did you say you did it...
when there was no proof?
Without Choi Kang Woo from Taeyang Insurance,
you would've been sent to jail for 10 years.
Come out and thank him.
Set Byul...
I mean...
Where is Mi Ja?
She's in Cambodia with Na Jong Gu.
Eat something.
Why did you...
set a criminal free?
Love isn't a crime.
It is...
for me.
You're a good man.
You're a very good man.
Park Soon Jung.
That was the first time...
someone called me a good man.
Kang Woo.
Are we off the Lee Soo Oh case?
It's a fraud case.
Yes, it is.
But you can't tell just by its appearance.
Goodness.
I'm home.
Hey, Detective Jo.
Why did you call me at this hour?
You asked me to find out about something...
regarding the case you're investigating on now.
Was it Kang Eun Joo?
She's almost due, right?
What about her?
She's in our station now for assaulting someone.
She keeps visiting me...
and claims that I killed her husband.
It's driving me crazy.
I felt pity on her, so I held it in until now.
I'm going to sue her this time for certain.
Still, she's pregnant.
Why don't you let it slide?
I have a four-year-old daughter too.
She's scared to death.
Ma'am. Say something, will you?
You could be sent to a detention center.
Crazy witch.
Excuse me.
Ma'am. Think of your baby.
Call someone who can vouch for you.
Don't you have anyone?
I'm her guardian.
Oh, hello.
Sir.
Are you Choi Kang Woo?
Yes, I am.
I'm Choi Chang Min, an ambulance worker.
I called you because I found your business card.
Do you know Kang Eun Joo?
She called an ambulance herself,
but she was unconscious when we got there.
No.
Soo Oh didn't do it Please help me.
I don't work with scammers.
I heard things were crazy because of...
- the emergency patient. - Yes.
How is she?
(Obstetrics)
Ma'am.
The baby is getting better.
The mother is the problem.
She had a long cardiac arrest during the surgery.
We're not sure...
if she'll wake up from a coma.
Was it you who caused the trouble?
That's not true.
We didn't do anything.
Then what's wrong with you all?
I saw your boss being by her side.
That's...
It's because we didn't do anything.
Only a few numbers were saved in her phone.
They all said they couldn't come.
Mr. Choi.
Kang Eun Joo has no family.
She's an orphan.
It seemed like she called you at dawn.
You didn't take it, did you?
(1 voice mail from Kang Eun Joo)
Mr. Kang. This is Eun Joo.
I'm sorry about earlier today.
I guess I wanted to keep the petty pride of mine.
I hope you aren't upset.
I kept thinking about it.
What if he really did that?
If he killed himself...
leaving me and our baby behind...
But Mr. Kang. He didn't.
He really wanted to live.
He wanted to live at least for one more day.
It's all in his laptop.
The research about Lafora disease...
and his diary too.
Please read it.
I only have you.
Please help me.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
I'm looking for useful evidence.
Where's the laptop?
What laptop?
There's not much in here.
(Mother's Note)
You crazy punk.
Hey, Min Joon.
You're looking for useful evidence?
This isn't...
what you're looking for.
- Then what is it? - Kim Bum Joon!
You must wonder...
whether he's the killer or not.
People all say this...
about the Juhan Air 801 accident.
Some lunatic crashed a plane...
with 190 passengers onboard.
67 people died...
and 123 people got injured.
And that lunatic is your brother.
Do you want me...
to tell you what Bum Joon...
really did?
Tell me.
Kim Yong Joo was 23 years old.
Since she was in high school,
she never got to go on a trip to Jeju Island.
She didn't want to burden her mom...
who cleaned bathrooms for a living.
Her best friends,
Mi Kyung and Sun Min,
were going on a trip to Jeju.
And her mom...
saved money on eating expenses...
and bought a ticket which was to depart...
at 10:40am on October 11, 2015.
She bought...
a dress worth 30 dollars for her daughter too.
She liked it so much.
And that dress...
was found in her bag.
It became...
her shroud.
Yong Joo's mom...
sent her away...
and followed her only after two months.
Why didn't I die?
Why didn't I follow my family?
Because of you.
A jerk like you received 3.4 million dollars...
and is living in luxury.
So how can I die?
Scums like you...
must all be sent to prison.
Those punks who attempt to live off others' lives...
must all be put in jail.
Bum Joon's brother.
Jan Gebauer. Kim Min Joon.
Breathe and do nothing all your life.
Don't do anything.
Just...
breathe only.
Otherwise...
Otherwise, you punk.
You'll die.
Hey, can we please meet somewhere far?
It'd be better if we never meet.
Where's Kang Eun Joo's personal information?
Her original address is in Gimpo.
She's got no family.
- Are you sure? - She's an orphan.
She grew up in Gimpo,
then moved out to Donam-dong.
After that, she continued to live there.
Okay, I'll call you later.
Hey, wait.
- What is it? - What?
Are you sure you're after the fire incident?
What is it? Be honest.
Why are you investigating like crazy?
I'll get this jerk first, then I'll call you.
So who is that jerk?
Hey...
Find out where Kim Min Joon has been to.
See if he's been to Gimpo or Donam-dong.
He's...
in Gimpo right now.
(Haedong Orphanage)
- Hi. - Hey.
Did you do your homework?
Yes.
The director was looking for you.
You should go find her.
Bum Joon, I'll be a good boy.
Please take me with you to aunt's place.
Go.
I'm not your brother anymore.
(1997 Haedong Family Day, 2015 Haedong Family Day)
(Our Memories)
(2015 Haedong Family Day)
The cause of Flight JH 801's crash...
is most likely a suicide crash of...
the assistant pilot Kim,
aiming to take insurance money.
Also, Ms. Lee,
who used to be his insurance planner,
hung herself to death last October 23.
Her suicide is giving more attention to the crash.
(Mad Dog)
Try to change the way you think.
Something that is odd,
something you cannot possibly accept.
I need to look for the dead.
How does Lee Soo Oh's case...
tie in with Lee Mi Ran?
Where is he right now?
I'll find out everything there is about you...
to show your true colors. Look forward to it.
So Moo Shin met with Han Seong Jin?
Are you going to let Kim Min Joon join us?
The more foolish I look,
the more they will let their guard down.
Good job.
It's mission impossible. Should we get going?
- The virus! - Min Joon?
Some other person also asked about you.
Who's that teacher?